hello welcome to this video in which
I'm going to show you three ways in which
to be able to do the French manicure
I have one, we are pretty short
but good of it because it serves to
all kinds of nail lengths come to us
in three ways because it seems to me that
everyone will be able to use the way
more imposes on him that the easiest was what
that you like for the first way
or simply what we do not need
is a porcelain based enamel or a
rosita well as we like I'm going to
use one of these that is called pro
white that besides that is supposed to
whitening a little the nails is like a
pink that I like a lot and for the
white I'm just going to use the
mercadona white simply for the
second way besides needing these
two enamels that you have taught
we are going to need it is normal and
current is normal that we can
use for stationery
and for the third way we're going to
need a brush in my case is a
of nails but it is not necessary we can
use any brush that is
crafts or anything that does not
be only nails then let's
start the first way would be the
classic way is to say to pulse but with
an upcoming trick
in this case I 'm just going to do one
base because I do not like the base
is very different from the natural I do not
like you want very pink or very
pressed because I think it makes a
the nail is very artificial but that's not
I would adapt it a bit to you
tastes as you see I'm putting the
base before the French hairline
for the other two ways of doing
different I will not put the base on
of the white stripe that is secondly
I will teach them as it is therefore
convenient that you choose me a base that
is very opaque or very dark because
then the line the white line does not go to
get very white may it take some
porcelain tone although the truth is that
me with everyone we tried
had that problem good as I say
the first freehand way is simply
a little trick before applying them
I'll just try to say so then what
you see very normal is that what we do
is to move the gaps well because I
that I know counseling is that instead of
move the brush
this way we move the finger what
Colombians in this way because I eat
we have the hand supported the pulse goes to
be much better than if we use this
hand that we will already have in the air between
he just dipped the brush
we drain it we put it on the tip and
we move the finger
this way if you see the line I have left
much better than doing it I put it on
we are already confessing that by doing
pulse with the other hand I get pretty
wrong as you see the result is very
well it 's the same way that I'm going to
teach how I said you need
do it a bit of the breast for
example like this that I have here what
what we are going to do is use is the mode
of guides good guides are not usually
very expensive but if for little it's worth
we can save doing it at home or if not
we have guides once we have agreed
buy well then this would be another
way simply put the zeal
following the French line as
We want to come by contract as you are
doing me or else in straight if it is that
we like the line above that you already know
that can be straight or shaped like
smile just what we have to
to do is to take our white enamel
and paint I collect without any care
removing the tip and also painting
also the zeal does not matter
in this way
and take advantage of it, we throw it away when
whether it's dry or half dry
we can perfectly do all the
hand and do it simply when
we just made our mind has been
retired the cachitos of zeal does not matter
the national consti that all of the
all because we can drag paint
look at the result result also
it's fantastic as you see and now it would be
when I take my normal base and I
would apply above
as if it were a glitter enamel
in this way
I for example do not use top coat on
shine above but if you want that
about the French manicure if you
I advise you to do it because of some
way it protects us a little bit I do not
has done because I usually wear the same
Nail color one or two days not only
change one of the company nails me
bother to throw this shine of
above but if you want me to
last this french manicure I advise you
that you throw the shine on top of
hardener enamel or when
transparent that as you want and already
you know in different ways so that
dry faster so that they are
worthy of long lasting good that
you have or that you like it over
In addition to everything I am doing
you wanted a capita or whatever you wanted 66
make a way as it is also very
well it does not look good if it's worth a third
way is a little 00 before backwards
like the other way around, well, what am I going to
do is realize it at the tip without
no care I will not need your
I will need nothing and I have at hand my
brush and what I'm going to do just
is to draw the line of the French
from inside and tell me stain
point without any care of them
in this horrible way and now what
I do is draw the girl with the brush
removing
the excess that I have left with the brush
in this way there is someone to use with
This nail polish remover for women
a good brush, how do I do it?
at the moment and my enamel is not
to stay very fast because it is not
necessary if you have a polish that dries
very fast or take a long time to
do it then then you could wet a
always with before you remove the
excess in a paper so that it does not stop
let's say harass the brush of this
way we do not fence around let's say
nail polish remover that will spoil the
line and as you see with this way the
result is also very good for
we would do the same to take our base and
put it on top
somehow in the third then I
I'm going to do a test and I'm not going to put
another base capita above
also quite abundant I'm not
putting an extra layer and as you can see
see quite the difference between the two
tones
but the girl is killing me in color
white he is spoiling the line of
the French then as you see is a
method that can be done against hours
already have hours later and well then
if you can observe are three ways
different from which you can choose the
that you better like what you give you best
and nothing, I hope you liked it
the video is very easy to make a
French manicure